over really quickly 'cause diego's XPS
question a couple times we haven't
answered it we're running out of time
here we're gonna have to wrap it up
Diego asked about the top things that
influenced the ranking of your course
that's that's subject to speculation by
a lot of people there are number of
courses he actually has a course on the
building that I'd like to to say about
that comment is what we're really
talking about here is how your your own
in your own marketing in the advantage
of being able to do that thing is that
you aren't going to be as heavily
affected by how you to meet them in
where you appear in their results mark
give you the hint about the way that you
can circumvent this whole what affects
the ranking of your YouTube and how many
of you remember what it was he said
create a recourse that the good course
that's on that popular topic because
that's the way to do it doesn't really
matter where you see you in an
interesting things lately when they're
showing the different categories of
people get upset about it for a while I
don't remember but they were actually
putting the popular courses in the
subject so that's one thing that you do
to help you get around this whole how do
I get myself to regain your exact
science in honestly they just had a bug
the other day that when you updated your
quarters which is what you're supposed
to be doing your courses it actually
gave you negative points in one of my
top so so what ya what we're talking
about here
ways that you can kind of build you
could use a platform to build the
residual income for years without
necessarily being totally dependent
Diego I hope they gave you a decent
enough answer to that is far as I still
really wanna know we'll get one maybe
we'll get a little bit
you know I know there's like most things
I know it's not in this course and I
don't share that but yeah but you want
to say market people want to hang around
afterwards and continues I'm good so you
know once we finish this section you
know if you even if you need to hang
around you know well and I'm never ever
ever people are masters at right now but
I need sound like a training course in
them because you know digital trying to
coerce property I believe you know if
you've got a natural audience already
training course is just incredible
because you no one is gonna get people
really you know we cannot sell your you
know so that's where I would really sore
focus and concentrate agreed that's what
I've always done anyway
coats and I i think the best thing in
the world
selling information and education
I love him and that's what it's all
about so yeah it's about providing you
know that's one of the things I mean yes
I will share my story with money on
books and reading of making money
wherever people want it because I would
spend money on books because what I most
people online and then go online and try
and land and try to look on free content
but the knowledge is in the books and
that's the knowledge is in the paint
courses so yeah you gonna get lot of
free stuff and it's going to be you know
but the real knowledge is gonna be given
when people pay for the course and
that's when it's the people that realize
that again especially when it comes to
developing businesses and stuff
self doin it for twelve years now
different businesses get into the place
where and i seven run a business we
haven't done it before you know I
remember those books on Japanese
porcelain and you just didn't even know
one day I collected a good reference on
Japanese porcelain tile of these books
was the shit bata collection
Japanese books Japanese
you never gonna find the information
about 500 pounds I made that back into
auctions you know and that's why people
going best people to understand that
people do understand that hungry to
learn and his most amazing thing about
online a great second education
education
the middle class all of a sudden access
education and everything changed
everything
what we've got now is we are in the
second grade education is because all
you need to access education is now I've
got friends who live in Africa and you
know they've never run a cable 208 in
the middle of them via but what's
bringing the country's major cities
straight tomorrow both 3G 4G straight
not now means that even people in remote
places now have access to education and
why is it that most people want to learn
how to make money that they want to make
money on health care wanna you know they
gonna be simple things but the whole
world is opening up the market because
of the mobile revolution that the right
place is machinima causes of himself
between 10 and $19 and that's really you
know destructive in the marketplace
because most people use but this is a
one to many modern metal prices collapse
in and people are $7,000 courses gonna
realize because unless you are really
strong following 500,000 when you can go
on YouTube all this stuff going on it's
really exciting this is great education
and we're sitting in the middle of it
and that's why you about it so one point
that I wanna meet here because this
marks that earlier so he just said
something in passing about this whole
education that's going on about how you
gotta figure that your chris is gonna be
sold for ten to nineteen dollars buys
directly back to earlier in what he had
mentioned earlier was about first of all
with the stock photography in how then
everybody was coming in and what it's
going to take to make money and then
another thing that he had mentioned was
the idea about looking at software and
applications in how the price of
software applications has come down with
the whole extra type thing when you look
at stuff like especially with Amazon in
the books on Amazon $0.99 to buy
something on iTunes $0.99 in this exact
same thing that marketing right now to
look at what's happening with education
is dead people are recognized hey I can
get a decent digital product a decent
course here in the range of 10 to 19
dollars in this is important to keep in
mind because there are so many
discussions that still happen and you
know me studio still have been in you to
me that people will get on in the
growing about the fact like I do this
training offline in its I tried to
$2,000 to do this seminar why am I gonna
come in to YouTube and sell it for $10
that doesn't make any sense
well it's just a different mindset you
cannot approach in this comes down to
these things that Mark has been talking
about today it's going to be a numbers
game is a volume about the residual
income is a digital products in when
you've got the proper type of finals in
place you got the proper type of mindset
and you understand how to approach you
to me as a business it's not that I'm
creating a course on you I'm building a
business in to help you understand they
did not get so worked up about Lake Ohau
dollars in nineteen dollars of course
well I never so you know these things
are very important to keep in mind when
you're approaching this in also for
those of you who are not on you to be a
lot of things that we're talking about
equally well you
online business that you're gonna run in
and even still for those of you are
dealing with traditional products or
services in brick-and-mortar there's a
whole lot that you can take away from
this in recognizing the idea of what she
needs with your marketing finals year so